FRIDAY, JANUARY 27TH 2023
You know, you shouldn't eavesdrop.
That's not what I was doing.
I left the two of them behind, but
then I went back thinking
they wouldn't be able to communicate.
I'll say it again and again.
I love you.
I'm in love with you.
I don't need a reason.
I'm glad Yui can't see me.
I didn't know it was possible for people
to feel that way about each other.
I wonder…
if I've ever felt that way
about someone before.
It's not that you're bothered by that,
but your heart's just aching, isn't it?
Aching?
Ah, it's cold.
I should have worn gloves.
My hands are so cold.
ONE YEAR AGO
Ah, it's cold.
I should have worn gloves.
My hands are so cold.
You work with your hands.
You should take better care of them.
You're right. I know that, but…
At that moment, I felt so bad…
When everyone else was cold
on a winter morning,
I was holding
Naoki's warm hand.
Found it!
Based on the data recovered
from the phone,
it was identified as belonging
to Naoki Torino.
The nearby bridge has a large amount
of traffic, both vehicles and people.
The resolution of
the security cameras are low at night,
so it'd be difficult to identify
the person who tossed the phone.
It's possible that
Torino himself tossed it.
Any info about those
who entered the apartment?
Two of the eight people whose
destinations were not confirmed,
excluding residents,
were contractors doing interior work
on a vacant apartment.
As for the private contracted courier
driver, we're waiting for confirmation.
I think the three
in casual clothes have a reason.
I'll hurry to confirm.
Well, it's got to be one of these two.
Or they conspired to do so.
I didn't kill her.
I know.
Suzuka Takahara's body
was left at the site where she was killed.
And yet my body is nowhere to be found.
Suzuka Takahara's phone was never found,
but my phone was tossed
in the neighborhood area.
The behavior patterns are different.
Even if I was killed…
It might not be the same person
who killed you.
I never thought I'd be involved
in murders or anything like that.
I don't want Yui to get involved.
If anything happens to Yui.
I'll destroy the world with a curse.
You're both incredible.
-It's not a laughing matter.
-I'm sorry.
Actually, I'm sorry, but I saw
the two of you in the park.
-What?
-It's fine, it's fine.
Anyone would cry.
Don't say that.
-I was bawling like a crazy man.
-Yeah.
She's strong.
Miss Soma?
Well, I'll do what I need to do.
What's that?
Look for my body.
Is Naoki involved in this case?
-You must be surprised.
-Yes.
The day Naoki Torino went missing,
on the 13th, at 4:22 p.m.,
we have a record
that he made a call to you.
Yes, he called me.
We were having a children's lunch event
here till noon.
And we were discussing
food orders at the time.
I get food from
various places to reduce food loss.
So we talked about
confirmation of the delivery…
So on that day,
did you hear from Mr. Torino
that he was meeting
someone named Rio Ozaki?
I did.
He said it was a girl
he lived with at Masaru's.
But I don't remember her at all.
We started talking about stocking up
after that.
Did you notice anything unusual?
He seemed the same as usual.
Now, lastly, can you look at this picture
and tell us if you notice
or remember anyone?
I only recognize Naoki.
A way to search for your body?
You're asking a lot.
If I don't find my body,
nothing can move forward.
I get what you're saying but…
You know, Naoki…
I'm sorry, I got too friendly.
Oh, no, it's totally fine.
Really? In that case…
So, Naoki…
How do you plan to move on?
By entering nirvana?
Well, I don't know about that…
STATEMENT REPORT
EISUKE IKEZAWA
-I'll leave the rest to you.
-Okay.
Excuse me. Thank you for your time.
Yui-chan, here's the thing.
If Naoki doesn't return soon,
I won't be able to keep the store running.
I'm thinking of ending
the contract by the end of next month.
Yes, it's a waste of money, isn't it?
I'm sorry, at a time like this.
Also, take this.
It's the key to the shop.
Naoki's belongings are still here.
If there's anything you want to keep,
please take it.
I will.
CHILDREN'S CAFETERIA
Naoki isn't here, is he?
I wonder where he went.
He said he's looking for his body.
I see.
Naoki
is very worried about you.
The truth is, he doesn't
want you to get involved.
That's not possible.
Naoki's going through such a hard time.
How could I not be involved?
You're certainly strong.
If his body is found,
I wonder if Naoki will disappear.
Will I disappear?
I didn't disappear.
I don't know.
I don't know why I'm still here.
In any case,
it might be because I don't know
the circumstances of my death.
By the way, Mr. Higuchi…
Oh, you can call me Ma-san or Michi.
Which one do you prefer?
Michi?
-So, Ma-san--
-Hey!
Why did you ask me then?
How did you die?
Probably an accident.
I fell into a deep ditch
at the river gate.
But for a while, I was like you.
I didn't know where I died.
I guess when you die, you don't
remember right before or after.
So, I wandered around.
"If I don't find my body,
it's gonna be tough.
Please! Someone find my body! Please!"
I was praying so hard, but then!
What happened?
Apparently, a kitten fell into
the same ditch I fell into.
The kitten was meowing, and a kid heard.
So, they called the fire department
or something.
-Then they found your body?
-Yes.
It's like,
the soul and body attract each other.
I feel that's the case.
Are you looking for an officer
in our department?
Do you know his name?
Ah…
Never mind. It's nothing.
Woo Jin!
Huh?
Huh? What?
One diced steak lunchbox and one cutlet.
Please wait a minute.
"Rio-chan
I'm worried something happened
to you the other day.
I'm waiting for your reply."
SORRY TO BOTHER YOU AGAIN
We meet a lot, don't we?
-Yeah.
-Huh?
Are you alright?
I feel like I'm going to die
from self-hate.
Huh?
Diced steak lunchbox with extra meat!
Your order's ready.
Ah, yes! That's mine!
-Thank you.
I don't know why I went there.
I thought humans
were supposed to be rational.
I can understand
why you'd want to meet him.
Shall we eat? I'm starving.
Yes.
Thank you for the food.
Thank you.
When I'm depressed,
I always eat a lot.
It takes a lot of strength to grieve,
doesn't it?
That's right.
THE CAT WHO LIVED A MILLION TIMES
I've read that before.
When I was learning hiragana.
I see.
It's a story where if you meet
someone you can love
with all your heart,
you won't be born again.
Death becomes eternal love.
Yeah.
It's a beautiful story.
But…
Surely, the cat having met the white cat
learned something about love.
But for him to give up his life,
because the one he loves dies…
I think that's
kind of wrong.
Yeah.
The man who runs this shop,
his name is Naoki Torino.
He is someone very dear to me.
But he is probably dead.
And he became a ghost.
The only one who can see
Naoki's ghost is Mr. Uozumi.
I've been talking to him through Uozumi.
I'm sorry.
You must be thinking I'm crazy.
But I feel better now that I've told you.
I'm glad.
They say it helps to talk to someone
who's been through something similar.
What about you?
What was it like when you met Uozumi?
He even has the same voice as my husband.
He looks more like my husband
than my husband did.
Wow.
That's so strange.
But maybe
I'm just rewriting my memory of him.
The human brain is very selfish.
You might be doing the same…
because it's so hard
to see Naoki disappear,
your brain makes you think he's here.
So,
I guess…
Ghosts do not exist.
So she says.
Yet, we're here, right?
Despite that,
your girlfriend is super cute.
You must've been happy, Naoki.
Why did you have to die? You idiot.
I feel the same way, with all of my heart.
I guess I shouldn't assume he's here.
I think that would be good, but…
-This is…
-No way!
You should try it, Naoki.
You've been practicing, right?
-But…
-Just try.
You can do it. You've been training.
More, more…
You need to see this.
No, I mean, listen to this.
Okay.
Ready? I'll start.
Okay, go ahead.
What's with that face?
I heard it. One whistle.
Well, well…
That face though…
-He whistled twice.
-You're right.
Just to be sure, let's try again.
He didn't do anything, right?
-Correct.
-Yes!
I knew it! I can hear him, can't I?
Yes! Now we can talk to
each other directly.
But how did you know it was Naoki
making that sound?
Because Naoki
can't whistle.
DECEMBER 2002
What are you listening to?
-Oh, Ken Hirai?
-Yeah.
He's the best.
Because of his looks?
It's his voice… and his looks.
-A snake will come.
-Huh?
Whistling in the night brings snakes.
What are you talking about?
I don't know if it's true,
but you hate snakes, don't you?
Yeah.
You're not making any sound.
It's just your breath.
No, you can't do that! You're singing!
Now the clock doesn't
Work anymore
Is that Ken Hirai's version?
Any
More
Ken Hirai's the best.
A real antique clock!
And since then, I still can't whistle.
I can hear him!
He's still bad, like always.
Be glad you can hear me.
-Sorry.
-No worries.
Stop that already.
This is great.
Sorry, I have to go back to the station.
Oh, I'm sorry you had to
come all the way out here.
-Thank you.
-See you later.
Hello?
Sorry for calling you at this hour.
I'd like to open Naoki's store,
but I forgot I gave you the key.
Open the store? Now?
Do you remember Kaito Kiuchi?
From the children's lunch?
The brothers, Hiroto and Kaito.
Oh, Hiro-kun and Kai-kun?
The younger one, Kaito, is missing.
What? Since when?
Since this morning. When he runs away
from home, he usually comes to me.
But we still haven't found him yet.
He might be hungry and come to the shop.
I'll be there right away.
We had a fight.
I said something horrible to Kaito.
I was hungry,
and cold,
and our parents didn't come home.
So I said to him…
"It'd be better without you."
It's alright.
You've been doing your best.
This time,
I'll ask the Child Welfare Department
to persuade your father to let go of you.
-Yui.
-I'll…
keep the store open and wait here.
I'm going to wait at home.
Kaito might come back
acting like nothing happened.
It's happened before.
Got it.
It's the police.
Go ahead.
Naoki?
Do you know something?
Oh, I know. Let's try this.
Whistle once to say "yes"
and twice to say "no."
Do you know where Kai-kun might have went?
Where?
That question won't work.
Is it near here?
So, he's not in this area.
Is it somewhere we've been to before?
Recently? Within these last two years?
So, is it from middle school?
Is it somewhere Masaru took us?
Do it slowly.
Peeling is fun. It's like camping.
Eisuke took me there the other day.
Oh, that old cabin?
My foster family took me once.
Next time I run away, I'll go there.
I mean, I want to live there.
In a place like that? With Hiroto?
No, just by myself.
They haven't found him yet.
I'm gonna take another look around.
Wait, Eisuke.
I think Kai-kun went to the campground.
What?
How do you know?
Um…
I think I heard him
talking about that before.
I got it.
Why would he go there?
DO NOT ENTER
Kaito?
Are you here, Kaito?
-Eisuke…
-Ah, thank goodness.
-I'm cold.
-What were you doing?
You're so cold.
What did you fight about
that would make you come out here?
My brother said he wasn't going
to high school.
Why would you go alone?
Without me, he'd be free.
How silly.
Both of you
are so foolish.
-Are you hurt anywhere?
-No.
Huh? What's wrong?
I… want you to come see something.
On the way here…
I saw something scary.
Huh?
Been here the whole time?
You must've been cold.
I don't feel it.
Guess I'm dead after all.
MORGUE
We'll take the body home
and prepare the funeral.
I'm his parent after all.
We'll call you as soon
as the autopsy is complete.
Thank you for coming today.
Excuse me.
Why…?
You didn't have to call her!
Is Naoki still here?
Yes.
Do you recognize any of the items
in his possession?
This…
It was in his left hand when he was found.
We'll run it through forensics.
It appears to be a plant not found
in the area where the body was found.
Do you have any idea where it's from?
No.
Then, right this way.
Please take a look at the body.
Can you confirm this is Naoki Torino?
Yes.
Thank you for confirming.
Um…
May I touch him?
Yes.
Yui.
It must have been painful.
I can't forgive them.
Whoever did this to Naoki,
I'll…
never forgive them.
To do something so wrong,
so terrible,
so painful…
He didn't deserve to die in pain.
I can't believe
someone would kill him and
leave him lying there
out in the cold
on the hard, frozen earth.
It's so horrible…
Horrible…
It's wrong.
I can't forgive them.
Never.
I…
will never forgive them!
It's okay.
Because
I'm here.
He says "It's OK.
Because I'm here."
What are you saying?
You died!
I wanted to see you.
I wanted to see your face this whole time.
And I finally did.
Your face
looked the same.
But,
it was so cold.
I wanted to touch you once more.
I was always, always,
thinking that.
And yet…
And yet… why?
What do you think, Sis?
Is it really so bad
if humans don't have a body?
What's up?
Well..
If their feelings are mutual,
that should be enough.
Sometimes I think a body
isn't even needed.
Well, that's impossible.
In the end, what you feel in your body
is stronger than what you think
in the mind.
Humans are living creatures, after all.
It's cruel.
So, what about the ghost?
He's still here.
However,
it's hard for both of us to be
together right now.
I mean,
you must be wondering
what I'm talking about.
No.
Your hand is warm.
Why did they have to die?
Yeah.
It's so cold…
Ken Hirai…
Thank you.
You finally smiled.
Oh, it's the sea.
Can you see it?
It's so peaceful here.
Masaru kept on saying
he was going to fix the shutters,
but he never did.
This smell is so nostalgic.
Huh? Right here…
Wasn't there carpet here?
It was in
his left hand when his body was found.
Hey,
did you come here, Naoki?
What?
This was the flower
you were holding.
You came all the way out here
to confirm that?
Then it's not safe here!
Ask Uozumi for help.
Oh, yeah.
The photo album.
Let's go. You can't be here alone.
This is…
It's me and Rio-chan.
Yui.
Is this girl…
Rio-chan's friend?
RIO, YUI, SUZUKA
Suzuka…
Suzuka Takahara.
Yui…
Shall we go on a date?
-Yui-san and I.
-"Yui-san"?
-You always called her Ms. Soma.
-Oh, is that so?
Please don't disappear, okay?
I'm already gone.
I'll live with Naoki. I'll never give up.
So this case is connected to our past.
Don't remember anything.